PEZ-Robotics
Our robot is sponsored by PEZ, NOT RAID: Shadow Legends

The code is a highly complex robotic program that is designed to solve three types of problems. This article will teach you how to solve those problems using the code. The Robotic FTC (Formally known as the FRC Robotics Competition) is a highly competitive, multi-disciplinary, and international event. This is a set of rules and guidelines for teams that are interested in competing in this event. The FTC is a robotic code that can be used to make autonomous robots. It's written in Java and runs on the RoboFRC board. It uses the Arduino development environment. The FTC Robotic Code is designed to foster an open, collaborative environment where all are treated with respect and dignity. All are expected to adhere to the following standards of conduct. Brookfield Robotics is a 501(C)3 organization that teaches the fundamentals of robotics to High School students in Brookfield, Wisconsin. We have an active parent, school, & community base that encourages our students to learn, explore, and build. A new robotics team has been formed at Brookfield Academy, a private school in suburban Milwaukee. The team will compete in a national robotics competition in St. Louis during NAB Show, April 28th - May 1st. They are new to the schools robotics program and to the national robotics competition scene. We are Brookfield Academy Robotics team, we are currently trying to raise money to get a robot to compete in the FIRST World Festival. We are a high school team out of Brookfield Wisconsin. We are looking for sponsors. Please contact us if you would like to be a sponsor or if you have Robotics team building activities are a fun and engaging way to improve employee engagement and communication. Learn how to make the most of them.

Thanks for reading!
